c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\csc.exe
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.Build.Tasks.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.CSharp.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CodeAnalysis.VisualBasic.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.CSharp.Core.targets
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\Microsoft.VisualBasic.Core.targets
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\System.Collections.Immutable.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\System.Reflection.Metadata.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\vbc.exe
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\roslyn\VBCSCompiler.exe.config
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\PizzaShopThreeLayer.dll.config
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\PizzaShopThreeLayer.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\PizzaShopThreeLayer.pdb
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Owin.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\PizzaShop.BLL.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\PizzaShop.DAL.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\AutoMapper.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Ninject.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\PizzaShop.BLL.pdb
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\PizzaShop.DAL.pdb
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Core.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.Owin.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.CodeDom.Providers.DotNetCompilerPlatform.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Host.SystemWeb.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.Cookies.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.Owin.Security.OAuth.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\AutoMapper.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Ninject.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Microsoft.AspNet.Identity.EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\ru\System.Web.Helpers.resources.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\ru\System.Web.Mvc.resources.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\ru\System.Web.Optimization.resources.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\ru\System.Web.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.resources.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Deployment.resources.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\ru\System.Web.WebPages.Razor.resources.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\obj\Debug\PizzaShop.WEB.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\obj\Debug\PizzaShopThreeLayer.dll
c:\users\артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\obj\Debug\PizzaShopThreeLayer.pdb
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.dll
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Ninject.Web.Common.xml
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Ninject.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.dll
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\EntityFramework.SqlServer.xml
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\CloudinaryDotNet.dll
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Dropbox.Api.dll
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\Dropbox.Api.xml
C:\Users\Артем\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\HigLabo.Net.dll
C:\Users\Артем\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\PizzaShopThreeLayer\PizzaShopThreeLayer\bin\HigLabo.Net.Dropbox.dll
